fix(curriculum): Update business card tests to allow flexible containers and anchors (#61911)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-business-card/6690e10ebe2181212abc9652.md

1. The second `p` element should contain your designation.
1. The third `p` element should have your company name. 
1. There should be an `hr` element below the third `p` element.
1. After the `hr` element, there should be two `p` elements. In the first `p` element, you should have an email address as the text. In the second `p` element, the text should be a phone number.
1. After the two `p` elements, there should be an `a` element with a class of `portfolio-link`, the text `Portfolio`, and it should link to a valid URL.

> 1. Add an `hr` element after the `a` element containing the portfolio link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There should be an `hr` element after the `a` element containing the portfolio link.
```
